
To compile from source
----------------------

First, please consider getting one of the ready-to-run binary
distributions available from

  http://code.soundsoftware.ac.uk/projects/sonic-annotator/files

The following additional libraries are required or optional when
building Sonic Annotator:

REQUIRED	Sonic Visualiser Core Library, svcore
		http://code.soundsoftware.ac.uk/projects/svcore

REQUIRED	Vamp Plugin SDK         http://www.vamp-plugins.org/
REQUIRED	Qt4 Free Edition        http://qt.nokia.com/
REQUIRED	libsndfile		http://www.mega-nerd.com/libsndfile/
REQUIRED	libsamplerate		http://www.mega-nerd.com/SRC/
REQUIRED	FFTW3			http://www.fftw.org/
REQUIRED	Redland RDF libraries   http://librdf.org/

Optional	MAD mp3 decoder		http://www.underbit.com/products/mad/
Optional	Oggz and fishsound	http://www.annodex.net/software/libraries.html

The Redland RDF libraries include the Raptor RDF parser library,
Rasqal RDF query library, and librdf, the Redland RDF datastore (which
depends on both of those).  Sonic Annotator uses Rasqal and Redland
directly, and so indirectly also requires Raptor.  For best
performance it's strongly recommended that you build with Redland
1.0.8 or newer.

If you happen to be using a Debian-based Linux, you probably want to
apt-get install the following packages: libqt4-dev libsndfile1-dev \
libsamplerate0-dev fftw3-dev libmad0-dev liboggz1-dev \
libfishsound1-dev liblrdf0-dev librdf0-dev libbz2-dev libasound2-dev .

If you are building on a Unix-like system that supports pkg-config and
uses it for all appropriate libraries (such as a modern Linux
distribution) then you should be able to just run "qmake" (being
careful to ensure it is the Qt 4 version of qmake you are running, and
not a Qt 3 version).

If you do not have pkg-config, you should first edit the file sv.prf
and comment out any of the optional HAVE_* lines (in the section
starting "If you don't have pkg-config...") for library dependencies
that you aren't using.  Then run the Qt 4 "qmake" command.  This will
create the proper Makefile.

(If you're on the Mac and you have Qt3 installed as well, you must
export QMAKESPEC=macx-g++ before you do this, or Qt will get confused.)

Then type "make".  The program will then either build, or not build.
If it builds, the result will be a binary file in sonic-annotator (on
Linux) or release/Sonic Annotator.exe (on Win32), or a bundle in
sonic-annotator.app.  There should be nothing to install apart from
the executable itself and any of the above listed third-party shared
libraries that are not already installed.


Qt Library Version Requirements
-------------------------------

Sonic Annotator requires Qt version 4.3 or newer.  It can not be
built with Qt3 or with Qt 4.0.x, 4.1.x, or 4.2.x.


